

# time
`import "time"`

* [Overview](#pkg-overview)
* [Index](#pkg-index)
* [Examples](#pkg-examples)

## <a id="pkg-overview">Overview</a>
Package time provides functionality for measuring and displaying time.

The calendrical calculations always assume a Gregorian calendar, with
no leap seconds.

### Monotonic Clocks
Operating systems provide both a “wall clock,” which is subject to
changes for clock synchronization, and a “monotonic clock,” which is
not. The general rule is that the wall clock is for telling time and
the monotonic clock is for measuring time. Rather than split the API,
in this package the Time returned by time.Now contains both a wall
clock reading and a monotonic clock reading; later time-telling
operations use the wall clock reading, but later time-measuring
operations, specifically comparisons and subtractions, use the
monotonic clock reading.

For example, this code always computes a positive elapsed time of
approximately 20 milliseconds, even if the wall clock is changed during
the operation being timed:


	start := time.Now()
	... operation that takes 20 milliseconds ...
	t := time.Now()
	elapsed := t.Sub(start)

Other idioms, such as time.Since(start), time.Until(deadline), and
time.Now().Before(deadline), are similarly robust against wall clock
resets.

The rest of this section gives the precise details of how operations
use monotonic clocks, but understanding those details is not required
to use this package.

The Time returned by time.Now contains a monotonic clock reading.
If Time t has a monotonic clock reading, t.Add adds the same duration to
both the wall clock and monotonic clock readings to compute the result.
Because t.AddDate(y, m, d), t.Round(d), and t.Truncate(d) are wall time
computations, they always strip any monotonic clock reading from their results.
Because t.In, t.Local, and t.UTC are used for their effect on the interpretation
of the wall time, they also strip any monotonic clock reading from their results.
The canonical way to strip a monotonic clock reading is to use t = t.Round(0).

If Times t and u both contain monotonic clock readings, the operations
t.After(u), t.Before(u), t.Equal(u), and t.Sub(u) are carried out
using the monotonic clock readings alone, ignoring the wall clock
readings. If either t or u contains no monotonic clock reading, these
operations fall back to using the wall clock readings.

On some systems the monotonic clock will stop if the computer goes to sleep.
On such a system, t.Sub(u) may not accurately reflect the actual
time that passed between t and u.

Because the monotonic clock reading has no meaning outside
the current process, the serialized forms generated by t.GobEncode,
t.MarshalBinary, t.MarshalJSON, and t.MarshalText omit the monotonic
clock reading, and t.Format provides no format for it. Similarly, the
constructors time.Date, time.Parse, time.ParseInLocation, and time.Unix,
as well as the unmarshalers t.GobDecode, t.UnmarshalBinary.
t.UnmarshalJSON, and t.UnmarshalText always create times with
no monotonic clock reading.

Note that the Go == operator compares not just the time instant but
also the Location and the monotonic clock reading. See the
documentation for the Time type for a discussion of equality
testing for Time values.

For debugging, the result of t.String does include the monotonic
clock reading if present. If t != u because of different monotonic clock readings,
that difference will be visible when printing t.String() and u.String().




## <a id="pkg-index">Index</a>
* [Constants](#pkg-constants)
* [func After(d Duration) &lt;-chan Time](#After)
* [func Sleep(d Duration)](#Sleep)
* [func Tick(d Duration) &lt;-chan Time](#Tick)
* [type Duration](#Duration)
  * [func ParseDuration(s string) (Duration, error)](#ParseDuration)
  * [func Since(t Time) Duration](#Since)
  * [func Until(t Time) Duration](#Until)
  * [func (d Duration) Hours() float64](#Duration.Hours)
  * [func (d Duration) Microseconds() int64](#Duration.Microseconds)
  * [func (d Duration) Milliseconds() int64](#Duration.Milliseconds)
  * [func (d Duration) Minutes() float64](#Duration.Minutes)
  * [func (d Duration) Nanoseconds() int64](#Duration.Nanoseconds)
  * [func (d Duration) Round(m Duration) Duration](#Duration.Round)
  * [func (d Duration) Seconds() float64](#Duration.Seconds)
  * [func (d Duration) String() string](#Duration.String)
  * [func (d Duration) Truncate(m Duration) Duration](#Duration.Truncate)
* [type Location](#Location)
  * [func FixedZone(name string, offset int) *Location](#FixedZone)
  * [func LoadLocation(name string) (*Location, error)](#LoadLocation)
  * [func LoadLocationFromTZData(name string, data []byte) (*Location, error)](#LoadLocationFromTZData)
  * [func (l *Location) String() string](#Location.String)
* [type Month](#Month)
  * [func (m Month) String() string](#Month.String)
* [type ParseError](#ParseError)
  * [func (e *ParseError) Error() string](#ParseError.Error)
* [type Ticker](#Ticker)
  * [func NewTicker(d Duration) *Ticker](#NewTicker)
  * [func (t *Ticker) Stop()](#Ticker.Stop)
* [type Time](#Time)
  * [func Date(year int, month Month, day, hour, min, sec, nsec int, loc *Location) Time](#Date)
  * [func Now() Time](#Now)
  * [func Parse(layout, value string) (Time, error)](#Parse)
  * [func ParseInLocation(layout, value string, loc *Location) (Time, error)](#ParseInLocation)
  * [func Unix(sec int64, nsec int64) Time](#Unix)
  * [func (t Time) Add(d Duration) Time](#Time.Add)
  * [func (t Time) AddDate(years int, months int, days int) Time](#Time.AddDate)
  * [func (t Time) After(u Time) bool](#Time.After)
  * [func (t Time) AppendFormat(b []byte, layout string) []byte](#Time.AppendFormat)
  * [func (t Time) Before(u Time) bool](#Time.Before)
  * [func (t Time) Clock() (hour, min, sec int)](#Time.Clock)
  * [func (t Time) Date() (year int, month Month, day int)](#Time.Date)
  * [func (t Time) Day() int](#Time.Day)
  * [func (t Time) Equal(u Time) bool](#Time.Equal)
  * [func (t Time) Format(layout string) string](#Time.Format)
  * [func (t *Time) GobDecode(data []byte) error](#Time.GobDecode)
  * [func (t Time) GobEncode() ([]byte, error)](#Time.GobEncode)
  * [func (t Time) Hour() int](#Time.Hour)
  * [func (t Time) ISOWeek() (year, week int)](#Time.ISOWeek)
  * [func (t Time) In(loc *Location) Time](#Time.In)
  * [func (t Time) IsZero() bool](#Time.IsZero)
  * [func (t Time) Local() Time](#Time.Local)
  * [func (t Time) Location() *Location](#Time.Location)
  * [func (t Time) MarshalBinary() ([]byte, error)](#Time.MarshalBinary)
  * [func (t Time) MarshalJSON() ([]byte, error)](#Time.MarshalJSON)
  * [func (t Time) MarshalText() ([]byte, error)](#Time.MarshalText)
  * [func (t Time) Minute() int](#Time.Minute)
  * [func (t Time) Month() Month](#Time.Month)
  * [func (t Time) Nanosecond() int](#Time.Nanosecond)
  * [func (t Time) Round(d Duration) Time](#Time.Round)
  * [func (t Time) Second() int](#Time.Second)
  * [func (t Time) String() string](#Time.String)
  * [func (t Time) Sub(u Time) Duration](#Time.Sub)
  * [func (t Time) Truncate(d Duration) Time](#Time.Truncate)
  * [func (t Time) UTC() Time](#Time.UTC)
  * [func (t Time) Unix() int64](#Time.Unix)
  * [func (t Time) UnixNano() int64](#Time.UnixNano)
  * [func (t *Time) UnmarshalBinary(data []byte) error](#Time.UnmarshalBinary)
  * [func (t *Time) UnmarshalJSON(data []byte) error](#Time.UnmarshalJSON)
  * [func (t *Time) UnmarshalText(data []byte) error](#Time.UnmarshalText)
  * [func (t Time) Weekday() Weekday](#Time.Weekday)
  * [func (t Time) Year() int](#Time.Year)
  * [func (t Time) YearDay() int](#Time.YearDay)
  * [func (t Time) Zone() (name string, offset int)](#Time.Zone)
* [type Timer](#Timer)
  * [func AfterFunc(d Duration, f func()) *Timer](#AfterFunc)
  * [func NewTimer(d Duration) *Timer](#NewTimer)
  * [func (t *Timer) Reset(d Duration) bool](#Timer.Reset)
  * [func (t *Timer) Stop() bool](#Timer.Stop)
* [type Weekday](#Weekday)
  * [func (d Weekday) String() string](#Weekday.String)


#### <a id="pkg-examples">Examples</a>
* [After](#example_After)
* [Date](#example_Date)
* [Duration](#example_Duration)
* [Duration.Hours](#example_Duration_Hours)
* [Duration.Minutes](#example_Duration_Minutes)
* [Duration.Nanoseconds](#example_Duration_Nanoseconds)
* [Duration.Round](#example_Duration_Round)
* [Duration.Seconds](#example_Duration_Seconds)
* [Duration.String](#example_Duration_String)
* [Duration.Truncate](#example_Duration_Truncate)
* [FixedZone](#example_FixedZone)
* [LoadLocation](#example_LoadLocation)
* [Location](#example_Location)
* [Month](#example_Month)
* [NewTicker](#example_NewTicker)
* [Parse](#example_Parse)
* [ParseDuration](#example_ParseDuration)
* [ParseInLocation](#example_ParseInLocation)
* [Sleep](#example_Sleep)
* [Tick](#example_Tick)
* [Time.Add](#example_Time_Add)
* [Time.AddDate](#example_Time_AddDate)
* [Time.After](#example_Time_After)
* [Time.AppendFormat](#example_Time_AppendFormat)
* [Time.Before](#example_Time_Before)
* [Time.Date](#example_Time_Date)
* [Time.Day](#example_Time_Day)
* [Time.Equal](#example_Time_Equal)
* [Time.Format](#example_Time_Format)
* [Time.Round](#example_Time_Round)
* [Time.String](#example_Time_String)
* [Time.Sub](#example_Time_Sub)
* [Time.Truncate](#example_Time_Truncate)
* [Time.Unix](#example_Time_Unix)


#### <a id="pkg-files">Package files</a>
[format.go](https://golang.org/src/time/format.go) [sleep.go](https://golang.org/src/time/sleep.go) [sys_unix.go](https://golang.org/src/time/sys_unix.go) [tick.go](https://golang.org/src/time/tick.go) [time.go](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go) [zoneinfo.go](https://golang.org/src/time/zoneinfo.go) [zoneinfo_read.go](https://golang.org/src/time/zoneinfo_read.go) [zoneinfo_unix.go](https://golang.org/src/time/zoneinfo_unix.go) 


## <a id="pkg-constants">Constants</a>
These are predefined layouts for use in Time.Format and time.Parse.
The reference time used in the layouts is the specific time:


	Mon Jan 2 15:04:05 MST 2006

which is Unix time 1136239445. Since MST is GMT-0700,
the reference time can be thought of as


	01/02 03:04:05PM '06 -0700

To define your own format, write down what the reference time would look
like formatted your way; see the values of constants like ANSIC,
StampMicro or Kitchen for examples. The model is to demonstrate what the
reference time looks like so that the Format and Parse methods can apply
the same transformation to a general time value.

Some valid layouts are invalid time values for time.Parse, due to formats
such as _ for space padding and Z for zone information.

Within the format string, an underscore _ represents a space that may be
replaced by a digit if the following number (a day) has two digits; for
compatibility with fixed-width Unix time formats.

A decimal point followed by one or more zeros represents a fractional
second, printed to the given number of decimal places. A decimal point
followed by one or more nines represents a fractional second, printed to
the given number of decimal places, with trailing zeros removed.
When parsing (only), the input may contain a fractional second
field immediately after the seconds field, even if the layout does not
signify its presence. In that case a decimal point followed by a maximal
series of digits is parsed as a fractional second.

Numeric time zone offsets format as follows:


	-0700  ±hhmm
	-07:00 ±hh:mm
	-07    ±hh

Replacing the sign in the format with a Z triggers
the ISO 8601 behavior of printing Z instead of an
offset for the UTC zone. Thus:


	Z0700  Z or ±hhmm
	Z07:00 Z or ±hh:mm
	Z07    Z or ±hh

The recognized day of week formats are "Mon" and "Monday".
The recognized month formats are "Jan" and "January".

The formats 2, _2, and 02 are unpadded, space-padded, and zero-padded
day of month. The formats __2 and 002 are space-padded and zero-padded
three-character day of year; there is no unpadded day of year format.

Text in the format string that is not recognized as part of the reference
time is echoed verbatim during Format and expected to appear verbatim
in the input to Parse.

The executable example for Time.Format demonstrates the working
of the layout string in detail and is a good reference.

Note that the RFC822, RFC850, and RFC1123 formats should be applied
only to local times. Applying them to UTC times will use "UTC" as the
time zone abbreviation, while strictly speaking those RFCs require the
use of "GMT" in that case.
In general RFC1123Z should be used instead of RFC1123 for servers
that insist on that format, and RFC3339 should be preferred for new protocols.
RFC3339, RFC822, RFC822Z, RFC1123, and RFC1123Z are useful for formatting;
when used with time.Parse they do not accept all the time formats
permitted by the RFCs.
The RFC3339Nano format removes trailing zeros from the seconds field
and thus may not sort correctly once formatted.


<pre>const (
    <span id="ANSIC">ANSIC</span>       = &#34;Mon Jan _2 15:04:05 2006&#34;
    <span id="UnixDate">UnixDate</span>    = &#34;Mon Jan _2 15:04:05 MST 2006&#34;
    <span id="RubyDate">RubyDate</span>    = &#34;Mon Jan 02 15:04:05 -0700 2006&#34;
    <span id="RFC822">RFC822</span>      = &#34;02 Jan 06 15:04 MST&#34;
    <span id="RFC822Z">RFC822Z</span>     = &#34;02 Jan 06 15:04 -0700&#34; <span class="comment">// RFC822 with numeric zone</span>
    <span id="RFC850">RFC850</span>      = &#34;Monday, 02-Jan-06 15:04:05 MST&#34;
    <span id="RFC1123">RFC1123</span>     = &#34;Mon, 02 Jan 2006 15:04:05 MST&#34;
    <span id="RFC1123Z">RFC1123Z</span>    = &#34;Mon, 02 Jan 2006 15:04:05 -0700&#34; <span class="comment">// RFC1123 with numeric zone</span>
    <span id="RFC3339">RFC3339</span>     = &#34;2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00&#34;
    <span id="RFC3339Nano">RFC3339Nano</span> = &#34;2006-01-02T15:04:05.999999999Z07:00&#34;
    <span id="Kitchen">Kitchen</span>     = &#34;3:04PM&#34;
    <span class="comment">// Handy time stamps.</span>
    <span id="Stamp">Stamp</span>      = &#34;Jan _2 15:04:05&#34;
    <span id="StampMilli">StampMilli</span> = &#34;Jan _2 15:04:05.000&#34;
    <span id="StampMicro">StampMicro</span> = &#34;Jan _2 15:04:05.000000&#34;
    <span id="StampNano">StampNano</span>  = &#34;Jan _2 15:04:05.000000000&#34;
)</pre>Common durations. There is no definition for units of Day or larger
to avoid confusion across daylight savings time zone transitions.

To count the number of units in a Duration, divide:


	second := time.Second
	fmt.Print(int64(second/time.Millisecond)) // prints 1000

To convert an integer number of units to a Duration, multiply:


	seconds := 10
	fmt.Print(time.Duration(seconds)*time.Second) // prints 10s


<pre>const (
    <span id="Nanosecond">Nanosecond</span>  <a href="#Duration">Duration</a> = 1
    <span id="Microsecond">Microsecond</span>          = 1000 * <a href="#Nanosecond">Nanosecond</a>
    <span id="Millisecond">Millisecond</span>          = 1000 * <a href="#Microsecond">Microsecond</a>
    <span id="Second">Second</span>               = 1000 * <a href="#Millisecond">Millisecond</a>
    <span id="Minute">Minute</span>               = 60 * <a href="#Second">Second</a>
    <span id="Hour">Hour</span>                 = 60 * <a href="#Minute">Minute</a>
)</pre>



## <a id="After">func</a> [After](https://golang.org/src/time/sleep.go?s=4637:4671#L138)
<pre>func After(d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) &lt;-chan <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
After waits for the duration to elapse and then sends the current time
on the returned channel.
It is equivalent to NewTimer(d).C.
The underlying Timer is not recovered by the garbage collector
until the timer fires. If efficiency is a concern, use NewTimer
instead and call Timer.Stop if the timer is no longer needed.



<a id="example_After">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```

## <a id="Sleep">func</a> [Sleep](https://golang.org/src/time/sleep.go?s=308:330#L1)
<pre>func Sleep(d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>)</pre>
Sleep pauses the current goroutine for at least the duration d.
A negative or zero duration causes Sleep to return immediately.



<a id="example_Sleep">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```

## <a id="Tick">func</a> [Tick](https://golang.org/src/time/tick.go?s=1752:1785#L44)
<pre>func Tick(d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) &lt;-chan <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
Tick is a convenience wrapper for NewTicker providing access to the ticking
channel only. While Tick is useful for clients that have no need to shut down
the Ticker, be aware that without a way to shut it down the underlying
Ticker cannot be recovered by the garbage collector; it "leaks".
Unlike NewTicker, Tick will return nil if d <= 0.



<a id="example_Tick">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```



## <a id="Duration">type</a> [Duration](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=21679:21698#L628)
A Duration represents the elapsed time between two instants
as an int64 nanosecond count. The representation limits the
largest representable duration to approximately 290 years.


<pre>type Duration <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int64">int64</a></pre>






<a id="example_Duration">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```




### <a id="ParseDuration">func</a> [ParseDuration](https://golang.org/src/time/format.go?s=40400:40446#L1361)
<pre>func ParseDuration(s <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>) (<a href="#Duration">Duration</a>, <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>)</pre>
ParseDuration parses a duration string.
A duration string is a possibly signed sequence of
decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix,
such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m".
Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".



<a id="example_ParseDuration">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Since">func</a> [Since](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=28864:28891#L913)
<pre>func Since(t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) <a href="#Duration">Duration</a></pre>
Since returns the time elapsed since t.
It is shorthand for time.Now().Sub(t).




### <a id="Until">func</a> [Until](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=29211:29238#L926)
<pre>func Until(t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) <a href="#Duration">Duration</a></pre>
Until returns the duration until t.
It is shorthand for t.Sub(time.Now()).






### <a id="Duration.Hours">func</a> (Duration) [Hours](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=26168:26201#L806)
<pre>func (d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) Hours() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#float64">float64</a></pre>
Hours returns the duration as a floating point number of hours.



<a id="example_Duration_Hours">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Duration.Microseconds">func</a> (Duration) [Microseconds](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=25047:25085#L777)
<pre>func (d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) Microseconds() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int64">int64</a></pre>
Microseconds returns the duration as an integer microsecond count.




### <a id="Duration.Milliseconds">func</a> (Duration) [Milliseconds](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=25183:25221#L780)
<pre>func (d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) Milliseconds() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int64">int64</a></pre>
Milliseconds returns the duration as an integer millisecond count.




### <a id="Duration.Minutes">func</a> (Duration) [Minutes](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=25975:26010#L799)
<pre>func (d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) Minutes() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#float64">float64</a></pre>
Minutes returns the duration as a floating point number of minutes.



<a id="example_Duration_Minutes">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Duration.Nanoseconds">func</a> (Duration) [Nanoseconds](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=24918:24955#L774)
<pre>func (d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) Nanoseconds() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int64">int64</a></pre>
Nanoseconds returns the duration as an integer nanosecond count.



<a id="example_Duration_Nanoseconds">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Duration.Round">func</a> (Duration) [Round](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=27044:27088#L833)
<pre>func (d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) Round(m <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) <a href="#Duration">Duration</a></pre>
Round returns the result of rounding d to the nearest multiple of m.
The rounding behavior for halfway values is to round away from zero.
If the result exceeds the maximum (or minimum)
value that can be stored in a Duration,
Round returns the maximum (or minimum) duration.
If m <= 0, Round returns d unchanged.



<a id="example_Duration_Round">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Duration.Seconds">func</a> (Duration) [Seconds](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=25783:25818#L792)
<pre>func (d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) Seconds() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#float64">float64</a></pre>
Seconds returns the duration as a floating point number of seconds.



<a id="example_Duration_Seconds">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Duration.String">func</a> (Duration) [String](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=22757:22790#L659)
<pre>func (d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) String() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></pre>
String returns a string representing the duration in the form "72h3m0.5s".
Leading zero units are omitted. As a special case, durations less than one
second format use a smaller unit (milli-, micro-, or nanoseconds) to ensure
that the leading digit is non-zero. The zero duration formats as 0s.



<a id="example_Duration_String">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Duration.Truncate">func</a> (Duration) [Truncate](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=26414:26461#L814)
<pre>func (d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) Truncate(m <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) <a href="#Duration">Duration</a></pre>
Truncate returns the result of rounding d toward zero to a multiple of m.
If m <= 0, Truncate returns d unchanged.



<a id="example_Duration_Truncate">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


## <a id="Location">type</a> [Location](https://golang.org/src/time/zoneinfo.go?s=537:1052#L8)
A Location maps time instants to the zone in use at that time.
Typically, the Location represents the collection of time offsets
in use in a geographical area, such as CEST and CET for central Europe.


<pre>type Location struct {
    <span class="comment">// contains filtered or unexported fields</span>
}
</pre>




Local represents the system's local time zone.


<pre>var <span id="Local">Local</span> *<a href="#Location">Location</a> = &amp;localLoc</pre>
UTC represents Universal Coordinated Time (UTC).


<pre>var <span id="UTC">UTC</span> *<a href="#Location">Location</a> = &amp;utcLoc</pre>


<a id="example_Location">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```




### <a id="FixedZone">func</a> [FixedZone](https://golang.org/src/time/zoneinfo.go?s=2662:2711#L82)
<pre>func FixedZone(name <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>, offset <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a>) *<a href="#Location">Location</a></pre>
FixedZone returns a Location that always uses
the given zone name and offset (seconds east of UTC).



<a id="example_FixedZone">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="LoadLocation">func</a> [LoadLocation](https://golang.org/src/time/zoneinfo.go?s=7575:7624#L265)
<pre>func LoadLocation(name <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>) (*<a href="#Location">Location</a>, <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>)</pre>
LoadLocation returns the Location with the given name.

If the name is "" or "UTC", LoadLocation returns UTC.
If the name is "Local", LoadLocation returns Local.

Otherwise, the name is taken to be a location name corresponding to a file
in the IANA Time Zone database, such as "America/New_York".

The time zone database needed by LoadLocation may not be
present on all systems, especially non-Unix systems.
LoadLocation looks in the directory or uncompressed zip file
named by the ZONEINFO environment variable, if any, then looks in
known installation locations on Unix systems,
and finally looks in $GOROOT/lib/time/zoneinfo.zip.



<a id="example_LoadLocation">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="LoadLocationFromTZData">func</a> [LoadLocationFromTZData](https://golang.org/src/time/zoneinfo_read.go?s=2146:2218#L87)
<pre>func LoadLocationFromTZData(name <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>, data []<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>) (*<a href="#Location">Location</a>, <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>)</pre>
LoadLocationFromTZData returns a Location with the given name
initialized from the IANA Time Zone database-formatted data.
The data should be in the format of a standard IANA time zone file
(for example, the content of /etc/localtime on Unix systems).






### <a id="Location.String">func</a> (\*Location) [String](https://golang.org/src/time/zoneinfo.go?s=2495:2529#L76)
<pre>func (l *<a href="#Location">Location</a>) String() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></pre>
String returns a descriptive name for the time zone information,
corresponding to the name argument to LoadLocation or FixedZone.




## <a id="Month">type</a> [Month](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=10490:10504#L261)
A Month specifies a month of the year (January = 1, ...).


<pre>type Month <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a></pre>



<pre>const (
    <span id="January">January</span> <a href="#Month">Month</a> = 1 + <a href="/pkg/builtin/#iota">iota</a>
    <span id="February">February</span>
    <span id="March">March</span>
    <span id="April">April</span>
    <span id="May">May</span>
    <span id="June">June</span>
    <span id="July">July</span>
    <span id="August">August</span>
    <span id="September">September</span>
    <span id="October">October</span>
    <span id="November">November</span>
    <span id="December">December</span>
)</pre>




<a id="example_Month">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```






### <a id="Month.String">func</a> (Month) [String](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=10873:10903#L294)
<pre>func (m <a href="#Month">Month</a>) String() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></pre>
String returns the English name of the month ("January", "February", ...).




## <a id="ParseError">type</a> [ParseError](https://golang.org/src/time/format.go?s=20670:20791#L671)
ParseError describes a problem parsing a time string.


<pre>type ParseError struct {
<span id="ParseError.Layout"></span>    Layout     <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>
<span id="ParseError.Value"></span>    Value      <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>
<span id="ParseError.LayoutElem"></span>    LayoutElem <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>
<span id="ParseError.ValueElem"></span>    ValueElem  <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>
<span id="ParseError.Message"></span>    Message    <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>
}
</pre>











### <a id="ParseError.Error">func</a> (\*ParseError) [Error](https://golang.org/src/time/format.go?s=20910:20945#L684)
<pre>func (e *<a href="#ParseError">ParseError</a>) Error() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></pre>
Error returns the string representation of a ParseError.




## <a id="Ticker">type</a> [Ticker](https://golang.org/src/time/tick.go?s=269:371#L1)
A Ticker holds a channel that delivers `ticks' of a clock
at intervals.


<pre>type Ticker struct {
<span id="Ticker.C"></span>    C &lt;-chan <a href="#Time">Time</a> <span class="comment">// The channel on which the ticks are delivered.</span>
    <span class="comment">// contains filtered or unexported fields</span>
}
</pre>









### <a id="NewTicker">func</a> [NewTicker](https://golang.org/src/time/tick.go?s=706:740#L11)
<pre>func NewTicker(d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) *<a href="#Ticker">Ticker</a></pre>
NewTicker returns a new Ticker containing a channel that will send the
time with a period specified by the duration argument.
It adjusts the intervals or drops ticks to make up for slow receivers.
The duration d must be greater than zero; if not, NewTicker will panic.
Stop the ticker to release associated resources.



<a id="example_NewTicker">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```




### <a id="Ticker.Stop">func</a> (\*Ticker) [Stop](https://golang.org/src/time/tick.go?s=1351:1374#L35)
<pre>func (t *<a href="#Ticker">Ticker</a>) Stop()</pre>
Stop turns off a ticker. After Stop, no more ticks will be sent.
Stop does not close the channel, to prevent a concurrent goroutine
reading from the channel from seeing an erroneous "tick".




## <a id="Time">type</a> [Time](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=6278:7279#L117)
A Time represents an instant in time with nanosecond precision.

Programs using times should typically store and pass them as values,
not pointers. That is, time variables and struct fields should be of
type time.Time, not *time.Time.

A Time value can be used by multiple goroutines simultaneously except
that the methods GobDecode, UnmarshalBinary, UnmarshalJSON and
UnmarshalText are not concurrency-safe.

Time instants can be compared using the Before, After, and Equal methods.
The Sub method subtracts two instants, producing a Duration.
The Add method adds a Time and a Duration, producing a Time.

The zero value of type Time is January 1, year 1, 00:00:00.000000000 UTC.
As this time is unlikely to come up in practice, the IsZero method gives
a simple way of detecting a time that has not been initialized explicitly.

Each Time has associated with it a Location, consulted when computing the
presentation form of the time, such as in the Format, Hour, and Year methods.
The methods Local, UTC, and In return a Time with a specific location.
Changing the location in this way changes only the presentation; it does not
change the instant in time being denoted and therefore does not affect the
computations described in earlier paragraphs.

Representations of a Time value saved by the GobEncode, MarshalBinary,
MarshalJSON, and MarshalText methods store the Time.Location's offset, but not
the location name. They therefore lose information about Daylight Saving Time.

In addition to the required “wall clock” reading, a Time may contain an optional
reading of the current process's monotonic clock, to provide additional precision
for comparison or subtraction.
See the “Monotonic Clocks” section in the package documentation for details.

Note that the Go == operator compares not just the time instant but also the
Location and the monotonic clock reading. Therefore, Time values should not
be used as map or database keys without first guaranteeing that the
identical Location has been set for all values, which can be achieved
through use of the UTC or Local method, and that the monotonic clock reading
has been stripped by setting t = t.Round(0). In general, prefer t.Equal(u)
to t == u, since t.Equal uses the most accurate comparison available and
correctly handles the case when only one of its arguments has a monotonic
clock reading.


<pre>type Time struct {
    <span class="comment">// contains filtered or unexported fields</span>
}
</pre>









### <a id="Date">func</a> [Date](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=41464:41547#L1356)
<pre>func Date(year <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a>, month <a href="#Month">Month</a>, day, hour, min, sec, nsec <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a>, loc *<a href="#Location">Location</a>) <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
Date returns the Time corresponding to


	yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss + nsec nanoseconds

in the appropriate zone for that time in the given location.

The month, day, hour, min, sec, and nsec values may be outside
their usual ranges and will be normalized during the conversion.
For example, October 32 converts to November 1.

A daylight savings time transition skips or repeats times.
For example, in the United States, March 13, 2011 2:15am never occurred,
while November 6, 2011 1:15am occurred twice. In such cases, the
choice of time zone, and therefore the time, is not well-defined.
Date returns a time that is correct in one of the two zones involved
in the transition, but it does not guarantee which.

Date panics if loc is nil.



<a id="example_Date">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Now">func</a> [Now](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=33587:33602#L1083)
<pre>func Now() <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
Now returns the current local time.




### <a id="Parse">func</a> [Parse](https://golang.org/src/time/format.go?s=24961:25007#L801)
<pre>func Parse(layout, value <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>) (<a href="#Time">Time</a>, <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>)</pre>
Parse parses a formatted string and returns the time value it represents.
The layout defines the format by showing how the reference time,
defined to be


	Mon Jan 2 15:04:05 -0700 MST 2006

would be interpreted if it were the value; it serves as an example of
the input format. The same interpretation will then be made to the
input string.

Predefined layouts ANSIC, UnixDate, RFC3339 and others describe standard
and convenient representations of the reference time. For more information
about the formats and the definition of the reference time, see the
documentation for ANSIC and the other constants defined by this package.
Also, the executable example for Time.Format demonstrates the working
of the layout string in detail and is a good reference.

Elements omitted from the value are assumed to be zero or, when
zero is impossible, one, so parsing "3:04pm" returns the time
corresponding to Jan 1, year 0, 15:04:00 UTC (note that because the year is
0, this time is before the zero Time).
Years must be in the range 0000..9999. The day of the week is checked
for syntax but it is otherwise ignored.

In the absence of a time zone indicator, Parse returns a time in UTC.

When parsing a time with a zone offset like -0700, if the offset corresponds
to a time zone used by the current location (Local), then Parse uses that
location and zone in the returned time. Otherwise it records the time as
being in a fabricated location with time fixed at the given zone offset.

When parsing a time with a zone abbreviation like MST, if the zone abbreviation
has a defined offset in the current location, then that offset is used.
The zone abbreviation "UTC" is recognized as UTC regardless of location.
If the zone abbreviation is unknown, Parse records the time as being
in a fabricated location with the given zone abbreviation and a zero offset.
This choice means that such a time can be parsed and reformatted with the
same layout losslessly, but the exact instant used in the representation will
differ by the actual zone offset. To avoid such problems, prefer time layouts
that use a numeric zone offset, or use ParseInLocation.



<a id="example_Parse">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="ParseInLocation">func</a> [ParseInLocation](https://golang.org/src/time/format.go?s=25419:25490#L810)
<pre>func ParseInLocation(layout, value <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>, loc *<a href="#Location">Location</a>) (<a href="#Time">Time</a>, <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>)</pre>
ParseInLocation is like Parse but differs in two important ways.
First, in the absence of time zone information, Parse interprets a time as UTC;
ParseInLocation interprets the time as in the given location.
Second, when given a zone offset or abbreviation, Parse tries to match it
against the Local location; ParseInLocation uses the given location.



<a id="example_ParseInLocation">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Unix">func</a> [Unix](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=40114:40151#L1306)
<pre>func Unix(sec <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int64">int64</a>, nsec <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int64">int64</a>) <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
Unix returns the local Time corresponding to the given Unix time,
sec seconds and nsec nanoseconds since January 1, 1970 UTC.
It is valid to pass nsec outside the range [0, 999999999].
Not all sec values have a corresponding time value. One such
value is 1<<63-1 (the largest int64 value).






### <a id="Time.Add">func</a> (Time) [Add](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=27433:27467#L858)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Add(d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
Add returns the time t+d.



<a id="example_Time_Add">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.AddDate">func</a> (Time) [AddDate](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=29847:29906#L945)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) AddDate(years <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a>, months <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a>, days <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a>) <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
AddDate returns the time corresponding to adding the
given number of years, months, and days to t.
For example, AddDate(-1, 2, 3) applied to January 1, 2011
returns March 4, 2010.

AddDate normalizes its result in the same way that Date does,
so, for example, adding one month to October 31 yields
December 1, the normalized form for November 31.



<a id="example_Time_AddDate">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.After">func</a> (Time) [After](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=9543:9575#L231)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) After(u <a href="#Time">Time</a>) <a href="/pkg/builtin/#bool">bool</a></pre>
After reports whether the time instant t is after u.



<a id="example_Time_After">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.AppendFormat">func</a> (Time) [AppendFormat](https://golang.org/src/time/format.go?s=16394:16452#L501)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) AppendFormat(b []<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>, layout <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>) []<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a></pre>
AppendFormat is like Format but appends the textual
representation to b and returns the extended buffer.



<a id="example_Time_AppendFormat">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.Before">func</a> (Time) [Before](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=9784:9817#L241)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Before(u <a href="#Time">Time</a>) <a href="/pkg/builtin/#bool">bool</a></pre>
Before reports whether the time instant t is before u.



<a id="example_Time_Before">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.Clock">func</a> (Time) [Clock](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=20268:20310#L583)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Clock() (hour, min, sec <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a>)</pre>
Clock returns the hour, minute, and second within the day specified by t.




### <a id="Time.Date">func</a> (Time) [Date](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=17560:17613#L488)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Date() (year <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a>, month <a href="#Month">Month</a>, day <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a>)</pre>
Date returns the year, month, and day in which t occurs.



<a id="example_Time_Date">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.Day">func</a> (Time) [Day](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=17968:17991#L506)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Day() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a></pre>
Day returns the day of the month specified by t.



<a id="example_Time_Day">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.Equal">func</a> (Time) [Equal](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=10275:10307#L253)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Equal(u <a href="#Time">Time</a>) <a href="/pkg/builtin/#bool">bool</a></pre>
Equal reports whether t and u represent the same time instant.
Two times can be equal even if they are in different locations.
For example, 6:00 +0200 CEST and 4:00 UTC are Equal.
See the documentation on the Time type for the pitfalls of using == with
Time values; most code should use Equal instead.



<a id="example_Time_Equal">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.Format">func</a> (Time) [Format](https://golang.org/src/time/format.go?s=16029:16071#L485)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Format(layout <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>) <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></pre>
Format returns a textual representation of the time value formatted
according to layout, which defines the format by showing how the reference
time, defined to be


	Mon Jan 2 15:04:05 -0700 MST 2006

would be displayed if it were the value; it serves as an example of the
desired output. The same display rules will then be applied to the time
value.

A fractional second is represented by adding a period and zeros
to the end of the seconds section of layout string, as in "15:04:05.000"
to format a time stamp with millisecond precision.

Predefined layouts ANSIC, UnixDate, RFC3339 and others describe standard
and convenient representations of the reference time. For more information
about the formats and the definition of the reference time, see the
documentation for ANSIC and the other constants defined by this package.



<a id="example_Time_Format">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.GobDecode">func</a> (\*Time) [GobDecode](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=38056:38099#L1248)
<pre>func (t *<a href="#Time">Time</a>) GobDecode(data []<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>) <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a></pre>
GobDecode implements the gob.GobDecoder interface.




### <a id="Time.GobEncode">func</a> (Time) [GobEncode](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=37929:37970#L1243)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) GobEncode() ([]<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>, <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>)</pre>
GobEncode implements the gob.GobEncoder interface.




### <a id="Time.Hour">func</a> (Time) [Hour](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=20692:20716#L598)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Hour() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a></pre>
Hour returns the hour within the day specified by t, in the range [0, 23].




### <a id="Time.ISOWeek">func</a> (Time) [ISOWeek](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=18676:18716#L527)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) ISOWeek() (year, week <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a>)</pre>
ISOWeek returns the ISO 8601 year and week number in which t occurs.
Week ranges from 1 to 53. Jan 01 to Jan 03 of year n might belong to
week 52 or 53 of year n-1, and Dec 29 to Dec 31 might belong to week 1
of year n+1.




### <a id="Time.In">func</a> (Time) [In](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=34343:34379#L1114)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) In(loc *<a href="#Location">Location</a>) <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
In returns a copy of t representing the same time instant, but
with the copy's location information set to loc for display
purposes.

In panics if loc is nil.




### <a id="Time.IsZero">func</a> (Time) [IsZero](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=16225:16252#L439)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) IsZero() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#bool">bool</a></pre>
IsZero reports whether t represents the zero time instant,
January 1, year 1, 00:00:00 UTC.




### <a id="Time.Local">func</a> (Time) [Local](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=34111:34137#L1104)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Local() <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
Local returns t with the location set to local time.




### <a id="Time.Location">func</a> (Time) [Location](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=34548:34582#L1123)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Location() *<a href="#Location">Location</a></pre>
Location returns the time zone information associated with t.




### <a id="Time.MarshalBinary">func</a> (Time) [MarshalBinary](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=35686:35731#L1158)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) MarshalBinary() ([]<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>, <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>)</pre>
MarshalBinary implements the encoding.BinaryMarshaler interface.




### <a id="Time.MarshalJSON">func</a> (Time) [MarshalJSON](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=38288:38331#L1254)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) MarshalJSON() ([]<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>, <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>)</pre>
MarshalJSON implements the json.Marshaler interface.
The time is a quoted string in RFC 3339 format, with sub-second precision added if present.




### <a id="Time.MarshalText">func</a> (Time) [MarshalText](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=39260:39303#L1283)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) MarshalText() ([]<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>, <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>)</pre>
MarshalText implements the encoding.TextMarshaler interface.
The time is formatted in RFC 3339 format, with sub-second precision added if present.




### <a id="Time.Minute">func</a> (Time) [Minute](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=20864:20890#L603)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Minute() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a></pre>
Minute returns the minute offset within the hour specified by t, in the range [0, 59].




### <a id="Time.Month">func</a> (Time) [Month](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=17837:17864#L500)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Month() <a href="#Month">Month</a></pre>
Month returns the month of the year specified by t.




### <a id="Time.Nanosecond">func</a> (Time) [Nanosecond](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=21225:21255#L614)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Nanosecond() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a></pre>
Nanosecond returns the nanosecond offset within the second specified by t,
in the range [0, 999999999].




### <a id="Time.Round">func</a> (Time) [Round](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=44250:44286#L1454)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Round(d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
Round returns the result of rounding t to the nearest multiple of d (since the zero time).
The rounding behavior for halfway values is to round up.
If d <= 0, Round returns t stripped of any monotonic clock reading but otherwise unchanged.

Round operates on the time as an absolute duration since the
zero time; it does not operate on the presentation form of the
time. Thus, Round(Hour) may return a time with a non-zero
minute, depending on the time's Location.



<a id="example_Time_Round">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.Second">func</a> (Time) [Second](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=21043:21069#L608)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Second() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a></pre>
Second returns the second offset within the minute specified by t, in the range [0, 59].




### <a id="Time.String">func</a> (Time) [String](https://golang.org/src/time/format.go?s=14552:14581#L440)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) String() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></pre>
String returns the time formatted using the format string


	"2006-01-02 15:04:05.999999999 -0700 MST"

If the time has a monotonic clock reading, the returned string
includes a final field "m=±<value>", where value is the monotonic
clock reading formatted as a decimal number of seconds.

The returned string is meant for debugging; for a stable serialized
representation, use t.MarshalText, t.MarshalBinary, or t.Format
with an explicit format string.



<a id="example_Time_String">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.Sub">func</a> (Time) [Sub](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=28156:28190#L886)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Sub(u <a href="#Time">Time</a>) <a href="#Duration">Duration</a></pre>
Sub returns the duration t-u. If the result exceeds the maximum (or minimum)
value that can be stored in a Duration, the maximum (or minimum) duration
will be returned.
To compute t-d for a duration d, use t.Add(-d).



<a id="example_Time_Sub">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.Truncate">func</a> (Time) [Truncate](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=43638:43677#L1437)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Truncate(d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
Truncate returns the result of rounding t down to a multiple of d (since the zero time).
If d <= 0, Truncate returns t stripped of any monotonic clock reading but otherwise unchanged.

Truncate operates on the time as an absolute duration since the
zero time; it does not operate on the presentation form of the
time. Thus, Truncate(Hour) may return a time with a non-zero
minute, depending on the time's Location.



<a id="example_Time_Truncate">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.UTC">func</a> (Time) [UTC](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=33996:34020#L1098)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) UTC() <a href="#Time">Time</a></pre>
UTC returns t with the location set to UTC.




### <a id="Time.Unix">func</a> (Time) [Unix](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=35058:35084#L1141)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Unix() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int64">int64</a></pre>
Unix returns t as a Unix time, the number of seconds elapsed
since January 1, 1970 UTC. The result does not depend on the
location associated with t.



<a id="example_Time_Unix">Example</a>


```go
```

output:
```txt
```


### <a id="Time.UnixNano">func</a> (Time) [UnixNano](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=35504:35534#L1151)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) UnixNano() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int64">int64</a></pre>
UnixNano returns t as a Unix time, the number of nanoseconds elapsed
since January 1, 1970 UTC. The result is undefined if the Unix time
in nanoseconds cannot be represented by an int64 (a date before the year
1678 or after 2262). Note that this means the result of calling UnixNano
on the zero Time is undefined. The result does not depend on the
location associated with t.




### <a id="Time.UnmarshalBinary">func</a> (\*Time) [UnmarshalBinary](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=36695:36744#L1199)
<pre>func (t *<a href="#Time">Time</a>) UnmarshalBinary(data []<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>) <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a></pre>
UnmarshalBinary implements the encoding.BinaryUnmarshaler interface.




### <a id="Time.UnmarshalJSON">func</a> (\*Time) [UnmarshalJSON](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=38830:38877#L1270)
<pre>func (t *<a href="#Time">Time</a>) UnmarshalJSON(data []<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>) <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a></pre>
UnmarshalJSON implements the json.Unmarshaler interface.
The time is expected to be a quoted string in RFC 3339 format.




### <a id="Time.UnmarshalText">func</a> (\*Time) [UnmarshalText](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=39633:39680#L1294)
<pre>func (t *<a href="#Time">Time</a>) UnmarshalText(data []<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>) <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a></pre>
UnmarshalText implements the encoding.TextUnmarshaler interface.
The time is expected to be in RFC 3339 format.




### <a id="Time.Weekday">func</a> (Time) [Weekday](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=18094:18125#L512)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Weekday() <a href="#Weekday">Weekday</a></pre>
Weekday returns the day of the week specified by t.




### <a id="Time.Year">func</a> (Time) [Year](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=17707:17731#L494)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Year() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a></pre>
Year returns the year in which t occurs.




### <a id="Time.YearDay">func</a> (Time) [YearDay](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=21409:21436#L620)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) YearDay() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a></pre>
YearDay returns the day of the year specified by t, in the range [1,365] for non-leap years,
and [1,366] in leap years.




### <a id="Time.Zone">func</a> (Time) [Zone](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=34791:34837#L1133)
<pre>func (t <a href="#Time">Time</a>) Zone() (name <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a>, offset <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a>)</pre>
Zone computes the time zone in effect at time t, returning the abbreviated
name of the zone (such as "CET") and its offset in seconds east of UTC.




## <a id="Timer">type</a> [Timer](https://golang.org/src/time/sleep.go?s=1346:1398#L36)
The Timer type represents a single event.
When the Timer expires, the current time will be sent on C,
unless the Timer was created by AfterFunc.
A Timer must be created with NewTimer or AfterFunc.


<pre>type Timer struct {
<span id="Timer.C"></span>    C &lt;-chan <a href="#Time">Time</a>
    <span class="comment">// contains filtered or unexported fields</span>
}
</pre>









### <a id="AfterFunc">func</a> [AfterFunc](https://golang.org/src/time/sleep.go?s=4868:4911#L145)
<pre>func AfterFunc(d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>, f func()) *<a href="#Timer">Timer</a></pre>
AfterFunc waits for the duration to elapse and then calls f
in its own goroutine. It returns a Timer that can
be used to cancel the call using its Stop method.




### <a id="NewTimer">func</a> [NewTimer](https://golang.org/src/time/sleep.go?s=2511:2543#L72)
<pre>func NewTimer(d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) *<a href="#Timer">Timer</a></pre>
NewTimer creates a new Timer that will send
the current time on its channel after at least duration d.






### <a id="Timer.Reset">func</a> (\*Timer) [Reset](https://golang.org/src/time/sleep.go?s=3757:3795#L109)
<pre>func (t *<a href="#Timer">Timer</a>) Reset(d <a href="#Duration">Duration</a>) <a href="/pkg/builtin/#bool">bool</a></pre>
Reset changes the timer to expire after duration d.
It returns true if the timer had been active, false if the timer had
expired or been stopped.

Reset should be invoked only on stopped or expired timers with drained channels.
If a program has already received a value from t.C, the timer is known
to have expired and the channel drained, so t.Reset can be used directly.
If a program has not yet received a value from t.C, however,
the timer must be stopped and—if Stop reports that the timer expired
before being stopped—the channel explicitly drained:


	if !t.Stop() {
		<-t.C
	}
	t.Reset(d)

This should not be done concurrent to other receives from the Timer's
channel.

Note that it is not possible to use Reset's return value correctly, as there
is a race condition between draining the channel and the new timer expiring.
Reset should always be invoked on stopped or expired channels, as described above.
The return value exists to preserve compatibility with existing programs.




### <a id="Timer.Stop">func</a> (\*Timer) [Stop](https://golang.org/src/time/sleep.go?s=2271:2298#L63)
<pre>func (t *<a href="#Timer">Timer</a>) Stop() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#bool">bool</a></pre>
Stop prevents the Timer from firing.
It returns true if the call stops the timer, false if the timer has already
expired or been stopped.
Stop does not close the channel, to prevent a read from the channel succeeding
incorrectly.

To ensure the channel is empty after a call to Stop, check the
return value and drain the channel.
For example, assuming the program has not received from t.C already:


	if !t.Stop() {
		<-t.C
	}

This cannot be done concurrent to other receives from the Timer's
channel.

For a timer created with AfterFunc(d, f), if t.Stop returns false, then the timer
has already expired and the function f has been started in its own goroutine;
Stop does not wait for f to complete before returning.
If the caller needs to know whether f is completed, it must coordinate
with f explicitly.




## <a id="Weekday">type</a> [Weekday](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=11126:11142#L304)
A Weekday specifies a day of the week (Sunday = 0, ...).


<pre>type Weekday <a href="/pkg/builtin/#int">int</a></pre>



<pre>const (
    <span id="Sunday">Sunday</span> <a href="#Weekday">Weekday</a> = <a href="/pkg/builtin/#iota">iota</a>
    <span id="Monday">Monday</span>
    <span id="Tuesday">Tuesday</span>
    <span id="Wednesday">Wednesday</span>
    <span id="Thursday">Thursday</span>
    <span id="Friday">Friday</span>
    <span id="Saturday">Saturday</span>
)</pre>









### <a id="Weekday.String">func</a> (Weekday) [String](https://golang.org/src/time/time.go?s=11419:11451#L327)
<pre>func (d <a href="#Weekday">Weekday</a>) String() <a href="/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></pre>
String returns the English name of the day ("Sunday", "Monday", ...).







