

# encoding
`import "encoding"`

* [Overview](#pkg-overview)
* [Index](#pkg-index)
* [Subdirectories](#pkg-subdirectories)

## <a id="pkg-overview">Overview</a>
Package encoding defines interfaces shared by other packages that
convert data to and from byte-level and textual representations.
Packages that check for these interfaces include encoding/gob,
encoding/json, and encoding/xml. As a result, implementing an
interface once can make a type useful in multiple encodings.
Standard types that implement these interfaces include time.Time and net.IP.
The interfaces come in pairs that produce and consume encoded data.




## <a id="pkg-index">Index</a>
* [type BinaryMarshaler](#BinaryMarshaler)
* [type BinaryUnmarshaler](#BinaryUnmarshaler)
* [type TextMarshaler](#TextMarshaler)
* [type TextUnmarshaler](#TextUnmarshaler)




#### <a id="pkg-files">Package files</a>
[encoding.go](https://golang.org/src/encoding/encoding.go) 








## <a id="BinaryMarshaler">type</a> [BinaryMarshaler](https://golang.org/src/encoding/encoding.go?s=853:929#L8)
BinaryMarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can
marshal itself into a binary form.

MarshalBinary encodes the receiver into a binary form and returns the result.


<pre>type BinaryMarshaler interface {
    MarshalBinary() (data []<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>, err <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>)
}</pre>











## <a id="BinaryUnmarshaler">type</a> [BinaryUnmarshaler](https://golang.org/src/encoding/encoding.go?s=1223:1295#L18)
BinaryUnmarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can
unmarshal a binary representation of itself.

UnmarshalBinary must be able to decode the form generated by MarshalBinary.
UnmarshalBinary must copy the data if it wishes to retain the data
after returning.


<pre>type BinaryUnmarshaler interface {
    UnmarshalBinary(data []<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>) <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>
}</pre>











## <a id="TextMarshaler">type</a> [TextMarshaler](https://golang.org/src/encoding/encoding.go?s=1491:1563#L26)
TextMarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can
marshal itself into a textual form.

MarshalText encodes the receiver into UTF-8-encoded text and returns the result.


<pre>type TextMarshaler interface {
    MarshalText() (text []<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>, err <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>)
}</pre>











## <a id="TextUnmarshaler">type</a> [TextUnmarshaler](https://golang.org/src/encoding/encoding.go?s=1850:1918#L36)
TextUnmarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can
unmarshal a textual representation of itself.

UnmarshalText must be able to decode the form generated by MarshalText.
UnmarshalText must copy the text if it wishes to retain the text
after returning.


<pre>type TextUnmarshaler interface {
    UnmarshalText(text []<a href="/pkg/builtin/#byte">byte</a>) <a href="/pkg/builtin/#error">error</a>
}</pre>















